packages/ui-forms/src/components/TextArea/README.md, before:

---
describes: TextArea
---

Standard HTML `textarea` element (resizable). Note the default `stacked` label &gt; input
layout, and the alternate `inline` layout.

```js
---
example: true
---
<FormFieldGroup description={<ScreenReaderContent>TextArea examples</ScreenReaderContent>}>
  <TextArea label="Description" resize="vertical" />
  <TextArea label="Description" resize="vertical" layout="inline" />
</FormFieldGroup>
```

A `textarea` with errors:

```js
---
example: true
---
<TextArea messages={[{ text: 'Invalid description', type: 'error' }]} label="Description" />
```

A `textarea` with a screenreader only label:

```js
---
example: true
---
<TextArea
  label={<ScreenReaderContent>Description</ScreenReaderContent>}
  placeholder="describe something"
/>
```

An inline `textarea` with a fixed width, initial height and maxHeight.
*Note: IE11 needs a `width` prop if the TextArea is `inline`.*

```js
---
example: true
---
<div style={{ display: 'flex', alignItems: 'center' }}>
  <TextArea
    label={<ScreenReaderContent>Label</ScreenReaderContent>}
    inline
    width="10em"
    height="10em"
    maxHeight="250px"
  />
  &nbsp;
  <Text>foo</Text>
</div>
```

A 'controlled' TextArea:

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---

class Example extends React.Component {
  state = { description: 'Hello World' };

  handleChange = (e) => this.setState({ description: e.target.value});

  render () {
    return (
      <TextArea
        label="Description"
        value={this.state.description}
        onChange={this.handleChange}
      />
    )
  }
}

render(<Example/>)
```

Commit message:

fix(TextArea): Fix resizing when text is deleted
Edits to the grow method to use `height` instead of
`min-height` to control the textarea's autoGrow and
height props. Updated docs.

Fixes: INSTUI-1015

Test plan:
- Confirm that the default TextArea component (see first example)
  resizes when text is added and deleted.

- Confirm that if a `height` prop is set, TextArea renders at
  that height, and returns to that height when all text is deleted.

- Confirm that if `maxHeight` is set, TextArea never grows
  beyond the maxHeight.

- Confirm that if `maxHeight` is less than `height`, TextArea appears
  at the maxHeight.

- Confirm that resizing does not happen when `autoGrow={false}`

- Confirm that the `height` prop still works when `autoGrow={false}`

Change-Id: I4786fe882406d44b9bde54d873bd3dffb28a06f5
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/142993
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Ken Meleta <kmeleta@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Ken Meleta <kmeleta@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Dan Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>

packages/ui-forms/src/components/TextArea/README.md, after:

---
describes: TextArea
---

TextArea renders a standard HTML `textarea` element. By default, TextArea will
resize to fit its content. Use the `maxHeight` property to set a limit on the
component's height.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <TextArea
    label="Enter/delete text to see TextArea resize"
  />
  <br />
  <TextArea
    label="I can't go any higher than 10rem (160px)"
    maxHeight="10rem"
  />
</div>
```

To allow the user to manually resize TextArea (in supported browsers), use the
`resize` property.

```js
---
example: true
---
<FormFieldGroup description={<ScreenReaderContent>TextArea examples</ScreenReaderContent>}>
  <TextArea label="Description" resize="vertical" />
  <TextArea label="Description" resize="vertical" layout="inline" />
</FormFieldGroup>
```

A `textarea` with errors:

```js
---
example: true
---
<TextArea messages={[{ text: 'Invalid description', type: 'error' }]} label="Description" />
```

A `textarea` with a screenreader only label:

```js
---
example: true
---
<TextArea
  label={<ScreenReaderContent>Description</ScreenReaderContent>}
  placeholder="describe something"
/>
```

An inline `textarea` with a fixed width, initial height and maxHeight.
*Note: IE11 needs a `width` prop if the TextArea is `inline`.*

```js
---
example: true
---
<div style={{ display: 'flex', alignItems: 'center' }}>
  <TextArea
    label={<ScreenReaderContent>Label</ScreenReaderContent>}
    inline
    width="10em"
    height="10em"
    maxHeight="250px"
  />
  &nbsp;
  <Text>foo</Text>
</div>
```

A 'controlled' TextArea:

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---

class Example extends React.Component {
  state = { description: 'Hello World' };

  handleChange = (e) => this.setState({ description: e.target.value});

  render () {
    return (
      <TextArea
        label="Description"
        value={this.state.description}
        onChange={this.handleChange}
      />
    )
  }
}

render(<Example/>)
```
