packages/ui-elements/src/Progress/README.md, before:

---
describes: DeprecatedProgress
id: DeprecatedProgress__README
---

**DEPRECATED:** DeprecatedProgress will be removed from `ui-elements` in version 7.0.0. Use
[Progress from ui-progress](#Progress) as a 1-1 replacement, if you don't want to have to update
any props.

However, please note that **Progress will be removed in version 8.0.0** in favor of two separate
components: [ProgressBar](#ProgressBar) and [ProgressCircle](#ProgressCircle). Upgrading is
a simple matter of [updating a few props](#Progress).

### Basic progress bar and circle
Progress is an easy-to-customize progress bar or circle (a.k.a, doughnut).

The Progress component defaults to a simple progress bar with no text
output. The only required prop is `label`, which is needed for accessibility.

To render the Progress component as a circle/doughnut instead, set the
`variant` to `circle`.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress label="Loading completion" valueNow={40} valueMax={60} />
  <br />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Loading completion"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={40}
    valueMax={60} />
</div>
```

### Changing the size and adding margin

Use the `size` prop to display `x-small`, `small`, `medium` and `large`
progress bars. (Default is `medium`.) Use the `margin` prop to add margin
around the progress bar/circle.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    size="x-small"
    valueNow={5}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="medium"
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    size="small"
    valueNow={10}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="large small xx-large x-small"
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    valueNow={15}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="x-small none large none"
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    size="large"
    valueNow={20}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="x-large xx-small large none"
  />
  <div>
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      size="x-small"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={5}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="xx-large"
    />
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      size="small"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={10}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="xxx-small"
    />
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={15}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="large"
    />
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      size="large"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={20}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="none medium"
    />
  </div>
</div>
```

### Displaying text output

Text output is intentionally left flexible: Via the `formatDisplayedValue`
prop, developers can use the `valueMax` and `valueNow` props to create
whatever output they desire - using whatever markup and internationalization
library tags they need. Common usage examples are shown below. Note the
use of the [Text](#Text) component for easy text formatting.

**Note that `formatDisplayedValue` will not be spoken by screenreaders.**
Any essential information in `formatDisplayedValue` must also be conveyed
via `formatValueText` for screenreader users.

#### Showing percent

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text>
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text>
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    variant="circle"
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
</div>
```

#### Showing a counter

Note how the `formatValueText` creates a readable output for
screenreader users.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    size="small"
    label="Chapters complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text size="small">{valueNow} / {valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Questions correct"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text size="x-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
          <br />
          <Text size="small">/&nbsp;</Text>
          <Text size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    variant="circle"
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
</div>
```

#### Using conditionals to change the output based on the score

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Quiz score"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      const passing = valueNow > (valueMax / 2) ? 'pass' : 'fail'
      return `${valueNow} of ${valueMax}: ${passing}`
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      if (valueNow > (valueMax / 2)) {
        return (
          <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
            PASS
          </Text>
        )
      } else {
        return (
        <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
          FAIL
        </Text>
        )
      }
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={44}
    valueMax={124}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Quiz score"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      const passing = valueNow > (valueMax / 2) ? 'pass' : 'fail'
      return `${valueNow} of ${valueMax}: ${passing}`
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      if (valueNow > (valueMax / 2)) {
        return (
          <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
            PASS
          </Text>
        )
      } else {
        return (
        <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
          FAIL
        </Text>
        )
      }
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={110}
    valueMax={124}
  />
</div>
```

### animateOnMount (circle variant only)

Use the `animateOnMount` prop to make the doughnut's meter animate in
when the component mounts. (Hard to see on this page because the animation
only takes a second. Click the Codepen link to preview this feature.)

Please note that you won't see any animation in IE11/Win7.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    animateOnMount
    label="Modules passed"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text size="xx-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
          <br />
          <Text size="small">of </Text>
          <Text size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={66}
  />
</div>
```

### Inverse color scheme for dark backgrounds

Use the `bar-inverse` and `circle-inverse` variants to make the Progress
track dark instead of light.

```js
---
example: true
background: 'checkerboard-inverse'
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text color="primary-inverse">
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    variant="bar-inverse"
    valueNow={75}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text color="primary-inverse">
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    size="small"
    variant="circle-inverse"
    valueNow={75}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text color="primary-inverse" size="x-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
          <br />
          <Text color="secondary-inverse" size="small">of </Text>
          <Text color="secondary-inverse" size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle-inverse"
    valueNow={124}
    valueMax={124}
  />
</div>
```

Commit message:

fix(*): Update Package READMEs and align deprecation statements
refs: INSTUI-2351

TEST PLAN:
- test every package under the "Package" link in the main nav
- test every component under the "Components/Deprecated" link
  in the main nav

  NOTE: This commit is to align both the package README structure as
  well as ensure the component README pages display the deprecation
  notices in the same manner and the console warnings are consistent.
  Any v8.0.0 references should be highlighted with the 'Figure' layout.
  SIDE NOTE: Also tried to align the written expression of Instructure UI

Change-Id: I764c1204f6d60024eb8b8410ee200b00585f40e1
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/c/instructure-ui/+/220471
Tested-by: Service Cloud Jenkins <svc.cloudjenkins@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Pam Hiett <phiett@instructure.com>

packages/ui-elements/src/Progress/README.md, after:

---
describes: DeprecatedProgress
id: DeprecatedProgress__README
---

**DEPRECATED:** Progress will be removed from `ui-elements` in version 7.0.0. Use [Progress](#Progress) from [ui-progress](#ui-progress) instead. Codemods are available to automatically update imports to the new package.
***

### Basic progress bar and circle
Progress is an easy-to-customize progress bar or circle (a.k.a, doughnut).

The Progress component defaults to a simple progress bar with no text
output. The only required prop is `label`, which is needed for accessibility.

To render the Progress component as a circle/doughnut instead, set the
`variant` to `circle`.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress label="Loading completion" valueNow={40} valueMax={60} />
  <br />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Loading completion"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={40}
    valueMax={60} />
</div>
```

### Changing the size and adding margin

Use the `size` prop to display `x-small`, `small`, `medium` and `large`
progress bars. (Default is `medium`.) Use the `margin` prop to add margin
around the progress bar/circle.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    size="x-small"
    valueNow={5}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="medium"
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    size="small"
    valueNow={10}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="large small xx-large x-small"
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    valueNow={15}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="x-small none large none"
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Modules complete"
    size="large"
    valueNow={20}
    valueMax={20}
    margin="x-large xx-small large none"
  />
  <div>
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      size="x-small"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={5}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="xx-large"
    />
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      size="small"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={10}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="xxx-small"
    />
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={15}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="large"
    />
    <DeprecatedProgress
      label="Modules complete"
      size="large"
      variant="circle"
      valueNow={20}
      valueMax={20}
      margin="none medium"
    />
  </div>
</div>
```

### Displaying text output

Text output is intentionally left flexible: Via the `formatDisplayedValue`
prop, developers can use the `valueMax` and `valueNow` props to create
whatever output they desire - using whatever markup and internationalization
library tags they need. Common usage examples are shown below. Note the
use of the [Text](#Text) component for easy text formatting.

**Note that `formatDisplayedValue` will not be spoken by screenreaders.**
Any essential information in `formatDisplayedValue` must also be conveyed
via `formatValueText` for screenreader users.

#### Showing percent

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text>
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text>
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    variant="circle"
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
</div>
```

#### Showing a counter

Note how the `formatValueText` creates a readable output for
screenreader users.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    size="small"
    label="Chapters complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text size="small">{valueNow} / {valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Questions correct"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text size="x-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
          <br />
          <Text size="small">/&nbsp;</Text>
          <Text size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    variant="circle"
    valueMax={88}
    valueNow={33}
  />
</div>
```

#### Using conditionals to change the output based on the score

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Quiz score"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      const passing = valueNow > (valueMax / 2) ? 'pass' : 'fail'
      return `${valueNow} of ${valueMax}: ${passing}`
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      if (valueNow > (valueMax / 2)) {
        return (
          <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
            PASS
          </Text>
        )
      } else {
        return (
        <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
          FAIL
        </Text>
        )
      }
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={44}
    valueMax={124}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Quiz score"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      const passing = valueNow > (valueMax / 2) ? 'pass' : 'fail'
      return `${valueNow} of ${valueMax}: ${passing}`
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      if (valueNow > (valueMax / 2)) {
        return (
          <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
            PASS
          </Text>
        )
      } else {
        return (
        <Text weight="bold" size="x-large">
          FAIL
        </Text>
        )
      }
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={110}
    valueMax={124}
  />
</div>
```

### animateOnMount (circle variant only)

Use the `animateOnMount` prop to make the doughnut's meter animate in
when the component mounts. (Hard to see on this page because the animation
only takes a second. Click the Codepen link to preview this feature.)

Please note that you won't see any animation in IE11/Win7.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    animateOnMount
    label="Modules passed"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text size="xx-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
          <br />
          <Text size="small">of </Text>
          <Text size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle"
    valueNow={66}
  />
</div>
```

### Inverse color scheme for dark backgrounds

Use the `bar-inverse` and `circle-inverse` variants to make the Progress
track dark instead of light.

```js
---
example: true
background: 'checkerboard-inverse'
---
<div>
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text color="primary-inverse">
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    variant="bar-inverse"
    valueNow={75}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return Math.round((valueNow / valueMax * 100)) + ' percent'
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <Text color="primary-inverse">
          {Math.round(valueNow / valueMax * 100)}%
        </Text>
      )
    }}
    size="small"
    variant="circle-inverse"
    valueNow={75}
  />
  <DeprecatedProgress
    label="Percent complete"
    formatValueText={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return valueNow + ' out of ' + valueMax
    }}
    formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
      return (
        <span>
          <Text color="primary-inverse" size="x-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
          <br />
          <Text color="secondary-inverse" size="small">of </Text>
          <Text color="secondary-inverse" size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
        </span>
      )
    }}
    size="large"
    variant="circle-inverse"
    valueNow={124}
    valueMax={124}
  />
</div>
```
