packages/ui-layout/src/components/ContextView/README.md, before:

---
describes: ContextView
---

A `<ContextView/>` is a container component that displays contextual information. It may or may not
be displayed as on overlay using a [Popover](#Popover).

`<ContextView/>` defaults to no padding around its content. To add padding, use the `padding` prop.

Use the `textAlign` prop to change the alignment of the text inside `<ContextView />`.

In use cases where `<ContextView/>` is not absolutely positioned, use the `margin` prop to set margin
around the component.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <ContextView
    padding="small"
    margin="large"
    placement="end top"
    shadow="resting"
  >
    <Heading level="h3">Hello World</Heading>
  </ContextView>
  <ContextView
    margin="0 large 0 0"
    padding="small"
    placement="top"
  >
    <Heading level="h3">Hello World</Heading>
    <Text size="small">Some informational text that is helpful</Text>
  </ContextView>
  <ContextView
    margin="0 large 0 0"
    padding="small"
    textAlign="end"
    placement="start"
  >
    <Heading level="h3">Hello World</Heading>
    <Text size="small">This ContextView is end-text-aligned</Text>
  </ContextView>
  <ContextView
    placement="end bottom"
    padding="medium"
    background="inverse"
    width="30rem"
    margin="x-large 0 0"
  >
    <Text size="small">
      This ContextView uses the inverse background and medium padding. Its width prop is set to `30rem`, which causes long strings like this to wrap. It also has top margin to separate it from the ContextViews above it.
    </Text>
  </ContextView>
</div>
```

Commit message:

docs(*): rework docs nav + styles to support design layout
refs: INSTUI-1411

TEST PLAN:

- added updated documentation for ContextView, Popover, Tooltip,
  Menu, Select based on 'this or that' doc
- styles have been updated to align with design for the nav
- styles have been added for the .md files to allow for some
  highlighting based on blockquotes
- bullets and numbering have been gone thru for consistency
- components have been pulled out of buckets and are all listed
  alphabetically

Change-Id: Id17d6e9e20b7942b271c233913f0eca13e30f2ec
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/158338
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Chris Hart <chart@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Dan Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Kyle Follett <kfollett@instructure.com>

packages/ui-layout/src/components/ContextView/README.md, after:

---
describes: ContextView
---
`<ContextView/>` is a container that can be rendered inline in the document flow (vs as a [Popover](#Popover)) but with an arrow pointing to something. See [RangeInput](#RangeInput) for an example of how ContextView can be used to display contextual information in conjuction with another component. It is used internally in [Popover](#Popover).

- Defaults to no padding around its content. To add padding, use the `padding` prop.

- Use the `textAlign` prop to change the alignment of the text inside `<ContextView />`.

- In use cases where `<ContextView/>` is not absolutely positioned, use the `margin` prop to set margin around the component.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <ContextView
    padding="small"
    margin="large"
    placement="end top"
    shadow="resting"
  >
    <Heading level="h3">Hello World</Heading>
  </ContextView>
  <ContextView
    margin="0 large 0 0"
    padding="small"
    placement="top"
  >
    <Heading level="h3">Hello World</Heading>
    <Text size="small">Some informational text that is helpful</Text>
  </ContextView>
  <ContextView
    margin="0 large 0 0"
    padding="small"
    textAlign="end"
    placement="start"
  >
    <Heading level="h3">Hello World</Heading>
    <Text size="small">This ContextView is end-text-aligned</Text>
  </ContextView>
  <ContextView
    placement="end bottom"
    padding="medium"
    background="inverse"
    width="30rem"
    margin="x-large 0 0"
  >
    <Text size="small">
      This ContextView uses the inverse background and medium padding. Its width prop is set to `30rem`, which causes long strings like this to wrap. It also has top margin to separate it from the ContextViews above it.
    </Text>
  </ContextView>
</div>
```
