packages/ui-avatar/src/Avatar/README.md, before:

---
describes: Avatar
experimental: true
---

When an image src is not supplied the user's initials will display. The avatar can be `circle` _(default)_ or `rectangle`. Use the `margin` prop to add space between Avatar and other content.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <Avatar name="Sarah Robinson" src={avatarSquare} margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Sarah Robinson" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Kyle Montgomery" src={avatarSquare} shape="rectangle" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Kyle Montgomery" shape="rectangle" />
</div>
```

The `size` prop allows you to select from `x-small`, `small`, `medium`, `large`, and `x-large`. If the `auto` prop is set, the avatar size will adjust according to the font-size
of its container.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <Avatar name="James Arias" size="x-small" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Charles Kimball" size="small" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Melissa Reed" size="medium" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Heather Wheeler" size="large" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="David Herbert" size="x-large" />
</div>
```
### Guidelines

```js
---
guidelines: true
---
<Guidelines>
  <Figure recommendation="yes" title="Do">
    <Figure.Item>Ensure the appropriate size is being used for its placement (in a table, stand-alone, etc…)</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use circle variant in Canvas</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
  <Figure recommendation="no" title="Don't">
    <Figure.Item>Use inline in sentence</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
</Guidelines>
```

Commit message:

feat(ui-avatar): make ui-avatar backwards compatible
refs: INSTUI-2329

TEST PLAN:
- ensure ui-avatar and Avatar do not render as experimental
- ensure the inline and variant props still work on the new Avatar
- ensure ui-elements notes Avatar will be removed in v7.0.0
- ensure DeprecatedAvatar throws console warnings about deprecation
- ensure tests pass
- ensure the new component README notes the v8.0.0 changes/updates

Change-Id: Ic0915941c45993a390c3c4a10038bd4d2a39d903
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/c/instructure-ui/+/214045
Tested-by: Service Cloud Jenkins <svc.cloudjenkins@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Chris Hart <chart@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Chris Hart <chart@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Pam Hiett <phiett@instructure.com>

packages/ui-avatar/src/Avatar/README.md, after:

---
describes: Avatar
---
### Important v8.0.0 upgrade notes
Codemods are available to automatically update imports to the new package as well as any props that have changed. These prop changes and other things to note are described below.

- **variant** has been updated to `shape`
- the boolean **inline** has been updated to `display` with options ('inline-block', 'block)

***

When an image src is not supplied the user's initials will display. The avatar can be `circle` _(default)_ or `rectangle`. Use the `margin` prop to add space between Avatar and other content.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <Avatar name="Sarah Robinson" src={avatarSquare} margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Sarah Robinson" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Kyle Montgomery" src={avatarSquare} shape="rectangle" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Kyle Montgomery" shape="rectangle" />
</div>
```

The `size` prop allows you to select from `x-small`, `small`, `medium`, `large`, and `x-large`. If the `auto` prop is set, the avatar size will adjust according to the font-size
of its container.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <Avatar name="James Arias" size="x-small" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Charles Kimball" size="small" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Melissa Reed" size="medium" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="Heather Wheeler" size="large" margin="0 small 0 0" />
  <Avatar name="David Herbert" size="x-large" />
</div>
```
### Guidelines

```js
---
guidelines: true
---
<Guidelines>
  <Figure recommendation="yes" title="Do">
    <Figure.Item>Ensure the appropriate size is being used for its placement (in a table, stand-alone, etc…)</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use circle variant in Canvas</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
  <Figure recommendation="no" title="Don't">
    <Figure.Item>Use inline in sentence</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
</Guidelines>
```
