packages/ui-a11y/README.md, before:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-a11y

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]


### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-a11y
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react'
import { Dialog } from '@instructure/ui-a11y'

const MyAccessibleContent = () => {
  return (
    <AccessibleContent alt="Alternative text for a screenreader only">
        Presentational content goes here
    </AccessibleContent>
  )
}
```

### Components
The `ui-a11y` package contains the following components:
- `AccessibleContent` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use the [AccessibleContent from ui-a11y-content](#AccessibleContent) instead.
- [Dialog](#Dialog)
- `PresentationContent` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use the [PresentationContent from ui-a11y-content](#PresentationContent) instead.
- `ScreenReaderContent` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use the [ScreenReaderContent from ui-a11y-content](#ScreenReaderContent) instead.

### Utilities
The `ui-a11y` package contains the following utilities:
- [findTabbable](#findTabbable)
- [findFocusable](#findFocusable)
- [FocusManager](#FocusManager)
- [scopeTab](#scopeTab)

### Contribute

See the [contributing guidelines](#contributing) for details.

### License

[MIT](LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-a11y.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-a11y

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Commit message:

fix(*): Update Package READMEs and align deprecation statements
refs: INSTUI-2351

TEST PLAN:
- test every package under the "Package" link in the main nav
- test every component under the "Components/Deprecated" link
  in the main nav

  NOTE: This commit is to align both the package README structure as
  well as ensure the component README pages display the deprecation
  notices in the same manner and the console warnings are consistent.
  Any v8.0.0 references should be highlighted with the 'Figure' layout.
  SIDE NOTE: Also tried to align the written expression of Instructure UI

Change-Id: I764c1204f6d60024eb8b8410ee200b00585f40e1
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/c/instructure-ui/+/220471
Tested-by: Service Cloud Jenkins <svc.cloudjenkins@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Pam Hiett <phiett@instructure.com>

packages/ui-a11y/README.md, after:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-a11y

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]&nbsp;
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]&nbsp;
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]&nbsp;
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]

### Deprecated Components
The `ui-a11y` package contains will be removed in v7.0.0. Please update your imports as follows:
- `AccessibleContent` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [AccessibleContent](#AccessibleContent) from [ui-a11y-content](#ui-a11y-content) instead.
- `PresentationContent` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [PresentationContent](#PresentationContent) [ui-a11y-content](#ui-a11y-content) instead.
- `ScreenReaderContent` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [ScreenReaderContent](#ScreenReaderContent) [ui-a11y-content](#ui-a11y-content) instead.

### Deprecated Utilities
- `Dialog` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [Dialog](#Dialog) from [ui-dialog](#ui-dialog) instead.
- `findTabbable` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [findTabbable](#findTabbable) from [ui-dom-utils](#ui-dom-utils) instead.
- `findFocusable` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [findFocusable](#findFocusable) from [ui-dom-utils](#ui-dom-utils) instead.
- `FocusRegion` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [FocusRegion](#FocusRegion) from [ui-a11y-utils](#ui-a11y-utils) instead.
- `scopeTab` will be removed in version 7.0.0. Use [findTabbable](#findTabbable) from [ui-a11y-utils](#ui-a11y-utils) instead.

### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-a11y
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react'
import { Dialog } from '@instructure/ui-a11y'

const MyAccessibleContent = () => {
  return (
    <AccessibleContent alt="Alternative text for a screenreader only">
        Presentational content goes here
    </AccessibleContent>
  )
}
```

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-a11y.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-a11y

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
