packages/ui-forms/src/DateTimeInput/README.md, before:

---
describes: DateTimeInput
---

A DateTimeInput component is used to enter a date-time value. It is built as a composition
of the [DateInput](#DateInput) and [TimeInput](#TimeInput) components.

A DateTimeInput with `column` layout and a default value:

```js
---
example: true
---
<div style={{height: 350, width: '40em'}}>
  <DateTimeInput
    description="Pick a date and time"
    datePlaceholder="Choose a date"
    dateLabel="Date"
    timeLabel="Time"
    datePreviousLabel="previous month"
    dateNextLabel="next month"
    invalidDateTimeMessage={(dvalue, tvalue) => { return `'${dvalue} ${tvalue}' is not valid.` }}
    layout="columns"
    defaultValue="2018-01-18T13:10"
    onBlur={()=>{console.log('>>>onblur')}}
  />
</div>
```
A required DateInput with `stacked` layout that warns if the value in the past:

```js
---
example: true
render: false
---

class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)

    this.state = {
      value: undefined,
      messages: []
    }
  }

  onChange = (e, isoDate) => {
    const now = new Date();
    const newValue = new Date(isoDate);
    let messages = [];
    if ( newValue.valueOf() <= now.valueOf()) {
      messages = [{text: 'That date-time is in the past', type: 'hint'}]
    }
    this.setState({ value: isoDate, messages })
  }

  invalidDateTimeMessage (rawDateValue, rawTimeValue) {
    if (rawDateValue) {
      return `'${rawDateValue}' is not a valid date.`
    } else {
      if (rawTimeValue) {
        return 'You must provide a date with a time.'
      } else {
        return 'Date and time values are required.'
      }
    }
  }

  render () {
    const text = this.state.value ? new Date(this.state.value).toString() : 'N/A'
    return (
      <div style={{width: '20em'}}>
        <div style={{marginBottom: '1em', fontStyle: 'italic'}}>You entered:<br/>{text}</div>
        <div style={{height: 350}}>
          <DateTimeInput
            description={<ScreenReaderContent>Pick a date and time</ScreenReaderContent>}
            datePlaceholder="Choose"
            dateLabel="Date"
            timeLabel="Time"
            datePreviousLabel="previous month"
            dateNextLabel="next month"
            onChange={this.onChange}
            layout="stacked"
            value={this.state.value}
            invalidDateTimeMessage={this.invalidDateTimeMessage}
            messages={this.state.messages}
            required
          />
        </div>
      </div>
    )
  }
}
render(<Example />)
```

A disabled DateTimeInput:

```js
---
example: true
---

  <DateTimeInput
    description="Pick a date and time"
    datePlaceholder="Choose a date"
    dateLabel="Date"
    timeLabel="Time"
    datePreviousLabel="previous month"
    dateNextLabel="next month"
    invalidDateTimeMessage={(dvalue, tvalue) => { return `'${dvalue} ${tvalue}' is not valid.` }}
    layout="columns"
    defaultValue="2018-01-18T13:10"
    disabled
  />

```

A DateTimeInput in a different locale:

```js
---
example: true
---
<div style={{height: 350, width: '40em'}}>
  <DateTimeInput
    description="Pick a date and time"
    datePlaceholder="Choose a date"
    dateLabel="Date"
    timeLabel="Time"
    datePreviousLabel="previous month"
    dateNextLabel="next month"
    invalidDateTimeMessage={(dvalue, tvalue) => { return `'${dvalue} ${tvalue}' is not valid.` }}
    layout="columns"
    defaultValue="2018-01-18T13:10"
    locale="fr"
  />
</div>
```

The properties of DateTimeInput prefaced
with _date_ are passed to the underlying [DateInput](#DateInput)
(e.g. _dateLabel_ is DateInput's _label_), while the properties prefaced
with _time_ are forwarded to the underlying
[TimeInput](#TimeInput). Others are either shared by both sub-components (e.g. locale), or
are unique to DateTimeInput (e.g. description).

The user input error message function property `invalidDateTimeMessage` has to handle
a number of cases: date input is invalid, date is missing when time is entered, and
date and time are missing when component is required. (It is currently impossible to
enter in invalid time, but that will eventually need to be handled.)  A function that
handles these cases might look like
```js
function invalidDateTimeMessage (rawDateValue, rawTimeValue) {
  if (rawDateValue) {
    return `'${rawDateValue}' is not a valid date.`
  } else {
    if (rawTimeValue) {
      return 'You must provide a date with a time.'
    } else {
      return 'Date and time values are required.'  // if required is true
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

feat(ui-forms,ui-selectable): deprecate ui-forms select
refs: INSTUI-1772, INSTUI-2151, INSTUI-2157, INSTUI-1968

This commit deprecates the old ui-forms/Select and replaces
instances of old Select in the docs. TimeInput and
DateTimeInput and have also been deprecated.

TEST PLAN:
- verify ui-forms/Select deprecation warnings
- verify DateInput/DateTimeInput deprecation warnings
- verify Time and Date pattern examples
- verify theme select in docs works
- verify selects in docs examples have been removed
- verify Selectable no longer throws experimental warning

Change-Id: I094f4679a9fe34968af6f5d3495f1e86d6332270
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/196994
Tested-by: Jenkins
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Ken Meleta <kmeleta@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Chris Hart <chart@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Ken Meleta <kmeleta@instructure.com>

packages/ui-forms/src/DateTimeInput/README.md, after:

---
describes: DateTimeInput
---

**DEPRECATED:** See examples of implementing a [DateTime Input Pattern](#TimeDate) using [Select](#Select) and [DateInput](#DateInput).

A DateTimeInput component is used to enter a date-time value. It is built as a composition
of the [DateInput](#DateInput) and [TimeInput](#TimeInput) components.

A DateTimeInput with `column` layout and a default value:

```js
---
example: true
---
<div style={{height: 350, width: '40em'}}>
  <DateTimeInput
    description="Pick a date and time"
    datePlaceholder="Choose a date"
    dateLabel="Date"
    timeLabel="Time"
    datePreviousLabel="previous month"
    dateNextLabel="next month"
    invalidDateTimeMessage={(dvalue, tvalue) => { return `'${dvalue} ${tvalue}' is not valid.` }}
    layout="columns"
    defaultValue="2018-01-18T13:10"
    onBlur={()=>{console.log('>>>onblur')}}
  />
</div>
```
A required DateInput with `stacked` layout that warns if the value in the past:

```js
---
example: true
render: false
---

class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)

    this.state = {
      value: undefined,
      messages: []
    }
  }

  onChange = (e, isoDate) => {
    const now = new Date();
    const newValue = new Date(isoDate);
    let messages = [];
    if ( newValue.valueOf() <= now.valueOf()) {
      messages = [{text: 'That date-time is in the past', type: 'hint'}]
    }
    this.setState({ value: isoDate, messages })
  }

  invalidDateTimeMessage (rawDateValue, rawTimeValue) {
    if (rawDateValue) {
      return `'${rawDateValue}' is not a valid date.`
    } else {
      if (rawTimeValue) {
        return 'You must provide a date with a time.'
      } else {
        return 'Date and time values are required.'
      }
    }
  }

  render () {
    const text = this.state.value ? new Date(this.state.value).toString() : 'N/A'
    return (
      <div style={{width: '20em'}}>
        <div style={{marginBottom: '1em', fontStyle: 'italic'}}>You entered:<br/>{text}</div>
        <div style={{height: 350}}>
          <DateTimeInput
            description={<ScreenReaderContent>Pick a date and time</ScreenReaderContent>}
            datePlaceholder="Choose"
            dateLabel="Date"
            timeLabel="Time"
            datePreviousLabel="previous month"
            dateNextLabel="next month"
            onChange={this.onChange}
            layout="stacked"
            value={this.state.value}
            invalidDateTimeMessage={this.invalidDateTimeMessage}
            messages={this.state.messages}
            required
          />
        </div>
      </div>
    )
  }
}
render(<Example />)
```

A disabled DateTimeInput:

```js
---
example: true
---

  <DateTimeInput
    description="Pick a date and time"
    datePlaceholder="Choose a date"
    dateLabel="Date"
    timeLabel="Time"
    datePreviousLabel="previous month"
    dateNextLabel="next month"
    invalidDateTimeMessage={(dvalue, tvalue) => { return `'${dvalue} ${tvalue}' is not valid.` }}
    layout="columns"
    defaultValue="2018-01-18T13:10"
    disabled
  />

```

A DateTimeInput in a different locale:

```js
---
example: true
---
<div style={{height: 350, width: '40em'}}>
  <DateTimeInput
    description="Pick a date and time"
    datePlaceholder="Choose a date"
    dateLabel="Date"
    timeLabel="Time"
    datePreviousLabel="previous month"
    dateNextLabel="next month"
    invalidDateTimeMessage={(dvalue, tvalue) => { return `'${dvalue} ${tvalue}' is not valid.` }}
    layout="columns"
    defaultValue="2018-01-18T13:10"
    locale="fr"
  />
</div>
```

The properties of DateTimeInput prefaced
with _date_ are passed to the underlying [DateInput](#DateInput)
(e.g. _dateLabel_ is DateInput's _label_), while the properties prefaced
with _time_ are forwarded to the underlying
[TimeInput](#TimeInput). Others are either shared by both sub-components (e.g. locale), or
are unique to DateTimeInput (e.g. description).

The user input error message function property `invalidDateTimeMessage` has to handle
a number of cases: date input is invalid, date is missing when time is entered, and
date and time are missing when component is required. (It is currently impossible to
enter in invalid time, but that will eventually need to be handled.)  A function that
handles these cases might look like
```js
function invalidDateTimeMessage (rawDateValue, rawTimeValue) {
  if (rawDateValue) {
    return `'${rawDateValue}' is not a valid date.`
  } else {
    if (rawTimeValue) {
      return 'You must provide a date with a time.'
    } else {
      return 'Date and time values are required.'  // if required is true
    }
  }
}
```
