packages/ui-position/src/Position/README.md, before:

---
describes: Position
---

A component that positions content with respect to a designated target.
The `placement` prop indicates where the content will be placed in relation to
the target element.

### Internationalization
`Position` placement can be internationalized for right to left languages. The
following examples are configured utilizing the [ApplyTextDirection](#ApplyTextDirection)
component in conjunction with the [mirrorHorizontalPlacement](#mirrorPlacement)
utility function.

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---
const fpo = lorem.sentence()
class Example extends React.Component {
constructor (props) {
  super(props)

  this.state = { placement: 'end', adjusted: 'end' }
}

handleButtonClick = () => {
  const placements = [
    'top',
    'end',
    'bottom',
    'start',
    'top start',
    'start top',
    'start center',
    'start bottom',
    'bottom start',
    'bottom center',
    'bottom end',
    'end bottom',
    'end center',
    'end top',
    'top end',
    'top center',
    'center end',
    'center start'
  ]

  let { placement } = this.state

  placement = placements[placements.indexOf(placement) + 1] || placements[0]

  this.setState({ placement })
};

handlePositionChanged = ({ placement }) => {
  this.setState({ adjusted: placement })
};

render () {
  const { placement, adjusted } = this.state

  let offset = {
    x: 0,
    y: 0
  }

  if (['top', 'bottom'].indexOf(placement.split(' ')[0]) >= 0) {
    offset.y = 16
  } else {
    offset.x = 16
  }

  return (
    <View
      as="div"
      margin="x-large"
      padding="x-large"
      textAlign="center"
    >
      <ApplyTextDirection>
        {(dir, rtl) => (
          <Position
            placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(placement, ' ') : placement}
            offsetX={offset.x}
            offsetY={offset.y}
            onPositionChanged={this.handlePositionChanged}
            renderTarget={
              <Button variant="primary" onClick={this.handleButtonClick}>
                Change placement
              </Button>
            }
          >
            <ContextView
              placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(adjusted, ' ') : adjusted}
              maxWidth="22rem" padding="small"
            >
              <Heading level="h3">{placement}</Heading>
              <p>{fpo}</p>
            </ContextView>
          </Position>
        )
      }
      </ApplyTextDirection>
    </View>
  )
}
}

render(<Example />)
```

The `mountNode` prop renders the positioned content inside the configured element (instead of the body).

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---

const fpo = lorem.sentence()
class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)

    this.state = {
      placement: 'end',
      adjusted: 'end'
    }
  }

  handleButtonClick = () => {
    const placements = [
      'top',
      'end',
      'bottom',
      'start',
      'top start',
      'start top',
      'start center',
      'start bottom',
      'bottom start',
      'bottom center',
      'bottom end',
      'end bottom',
      'end center',
      'end top',
      'top end',
      'top center',
      'center end',
      'center start'
    ]

    let { placement } = this.state

    placement = placements[placements.indexOf(placement) + 1] || placements[0]

    this.setState({ placement })
  };

  handlePositionChanged = ({ placement }) => {
    this.setState({ adjusted: placement })
  };

  render () {
    const { placement, adjusted } = this.state

    let offsetX = 0
    let offsetY = 0

    if (['top', 'bottom'].indexOf(placement.split(' ')[0]) >= 0) {
      offsetY = 16
    } else {
      offsetX = 16
    }

    return (
    <span>
      <View
        as="div"
        margin="x-large"
        padding="x-large"
        textAlign="center"
      >
        <ApplyTextDirection>
          {(dir, rtl) => (
            <Position
              placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(placement, ' ') : placement}
              offsetX={offsetX}
              offsetY={offsetY}
              mountNode={() => this._mountNode}
              onPositionChanged={this.handlePositionChanged}
              renderTarget={
                <Button variant="primary" onClick={this.handleButtonClick}>
                  Change placement
                </Button>
              }
            >
              <ContextView
                placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(adjusted, ' ') : adjusted}
                maxWidth="20rem"
                padding="small"
              >
                <Heading level="h3">{placement}</Heading>
                <p>
                  {fpo}
                </p>
              </ContextView>
            </Position>
          )}
        </ApplyTextDirection>
      </View>
      <div
        style={{
          position: 'relative',
          padding: 100
        }}
        ref={(c) => { this._mountNode = c }}
      />
    </span>
    )
  }
}

render(<Example />)
```

`over` prop with `stretch` placement.

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---
const fpo = lorem.paragraphs(7)

class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)

    this.state = {
      placement: 'top stretch'
    }
  }

  handleButtonClick = () => {
    const placements = [
      'top stretch',
      'bottom stretch',
      'end stretch',
      'start stretch'
    ]

    let { placement } = this.state

    placement = placements[placements.indexOf(placement) + 1] || placements[0]

    this.setState({ placement })
  };

  render () {
    const { placement } = this.state

    return (
      <div>
        <ApplyTextDirection>
          {(dir, rtl) => (
            <Position
              placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(placement, ' ') : placement}
              shouldPositionOverTarget
              insertAt="top"
              mountNode={() => this._mountNode}
              renderTarget={
                <div
                  ref={(c) => { this._mountNode = c }}
                  style={{
                    overflowY: 'auto',
                    maxHeight: '10rem',
                    marginBottom: '1rem',
                    padding: '0.5rem'
                  }}
                >
                  {fpo}
                </div>
              }
            >
              <div
                style={{
                  backgroundColor: 'white',
                  padding: '1rem'
                }}
              >
                <Heading level="h3">{placement}</Heading>
              </div>
            </Position>
          )}
        </ApplyTextDirection>
        <Button variant="primary" onClick={this.handleButtonClick}>
          Change placement
        </Button>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

render(<Example />)
```

Commit message:

feat(ui-position): make ui-position backwards compatible
refs: INSTUI-2336

TEST PLAN:
- verify there are no regressions to old/new Position
- verify new Position throws warnings only when old
props are used.
- verify old Position throws deprecated warning

Change-Id: Ie3a5e1a5b8ad4ea2cb2ae8c620f575c6a3e8b5c5
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/c/instructure-ui/+/214374
Tested-by: Service Cloud Jenkins <svc.cloudjenkins@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Ken Meleta <kmeleta@instructure.com>

packages/ui-position/src/Position/README.md, after:

---
describes: Position
---

A component that positions content with respect to a designated target.

### Important Upgrade Notes
Codemods are available to automatically update any props that have changed. However, there are some breaking changes that will need to be addressed manually. These changes and are described below.

- `Position.Target` and `Position.Content` are no longer in use. The target is now defined via the `renderTarget` prop and the children of a Position will be rendered as the positioned content.


### Internationalization
`Position` placement can be internationalized for right to left languages. The
following examples are configured utilizing the [ApplyTextDirection](#ApplyTextDirection)
component in conjunction with the [mirrorHorizontalPlacement](#mirrorPlacement)
utility function.

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---
const fpo = lorem.sentence()
class Example extends React.Component {
constructor (props) {
  super(props)

  this.state = { placement: 'end', adjusted: 'end' }
}

handleButtonClick = () => {
  const placements = [
    'top',
    'end',
    'bottom',
    'start',
    'top start',
    'start top',
    'start center',
    'start bottom',
    'bottom start',
    'bottom center',
    'bottom end',
    'end bottom',
    'end center',
    'end top',
    'top end',
    'top center',
    'center end',
    'center start'
  ]

  let { placement } = this.state

  placement = placements[placements.indexOf(placement) + 1] || placements[0]

  this.setState({ placement })
};

handlePositionChanged = ({ placement }) => {
  this.setState({ adjusted: placement })
};

render () {
  const { placement, adjusted } = this.state

  let offset = {
    x: 0,
    y: 0
  }

  if (['top', 'bottom'].indexOf(placement.split(' ')[0]) >= 0) {
    offset.y = 16
  } else {
    offset.x = 16
  }

  return (
    <View
      as="div"
      margin="x-large"
      padding="x-large"
      textAlign="center"
    >
      <ApplyTextDirection>
        {(dir, rtl) => (
          <Position
            placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(placement, ' ') : placement}
            offsetX={offset.x}
            offsetY={offset.y}
            onPositionChanged={this.handlePositionChanged}
            renderTarget={
              <Button variant="primary" onClick={this.handleButtonClick}>
                Change placement
              </Button>
            }
          >
            <ContextView
              placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(adjusted, ' ') : adjusted}
              maxWidth="22rem" padding="small"
            >
              <Heading level="h3">{placement}</Heading>
              <p>{fpo}</p>
            </ContextView>
          </Position>
        )
      }
      </ApplyTextDirection>
    </View>
  )
}
}

render(<Example />)
```

The `mountNode` prop renders the positioned content inside the configured element (instead of the body).

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---

const fpo = lorem.sentence()
class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)

    this.state = {
      placement: 'end',
      adjusted: 'end'
    }
  }

  handleButtonClick = () => {
    const placements = [
      'top',
      'end',
      'bottom',
      'start',
      'top start',
      'start top',
      'start center',
      'start bottom',
      'bottom start',
      'bottom center',
      'bottom end',
      'end bottom',
      'end center',
      'end top',
      'top end',
      'top center',
      'center end',
      'center start'
    ]

    let { placement } = this.state

    placement = placements[placements.indexOf(placement) + 1] || placements[0]

    this.setState({ placement })
  };

  handlePositionChanged = ({ placement }) => {
    this.setState({ adjusted: placement })
  };

  render () {
    const { placement, adjusted } = this.state

    let offsetX = 0
    let offsetY = 0

    if (['top', 'bottom'].indexOf(placement.split(' ')[0]) >= 0) {
      offsetY = 16
    } else {
      offsetX = 16
    }

    return (
    <span>
      <View
        as="div"
        margin="x-large"
        padding="x-large"
        textAlign="center"
      >
        <ApplyTextDirection>
          {(dir, rtl) => (
            <Position
              placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(placement, ' ') : placement}
              offsetX={offsetX}
              offsetY={offsetY}
              mountNode={() => this._mountNode}
              onPositionChanged={this.handlePositionChanged}
              renderTarget={
                <Button variant="primary" onClick={this.handleButtonClick}>
                  Change placement
                </Button>
              }
            >
              <ContextView
                placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(adjusted, ' ') : adjusted}
                maxWidth="20rem"
                padding="small"
              >
                <Heading level="h3">{placement}</Heading>
                <p>
                  {fpo}
                </p>
              </ContextView>
            </Position>
          )}
        </ApplyTextDirection>
      </View>
      <div
        style={{
          position: 'relative',
          padding: 100
        }}
        ref={(c) => { this._mountNode = c }}
      />
    </span>
    )
  }
}

render(<Example />)
```

`over` prop with `stretch` placement.

```js
---
render: false
example: true
---
const fpo = lorem.paragraphs(7)

class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)

    this.state = {
      placement: 'top stretch'
    }
  }

  handleButtonClick = () => {
    const placements = [
      'top stretch',
      'bottom stretch',
      'end stretch',
      'start stretch'
    ]

    let { placement } = this.state

    placement = placements[placements.indexOf(placement) + 1] || placements[0]

    this.setState({ placement })
  };

  render () {
    const { placement } = this.state

    return (
      <div>
        <ApplyTextDirection>
          {(dir, rtl) => (
            <Position
              placement={rtl ? mirrorHorizontalPlacement(placement, ' ') : placement}
              shouldPositionOverTarget
              insertAt="top"
              mountNode={() => this._mountNode}
              renderTarget={
                <div
                  ref={(c) => { this._mountNode = c }}
                  style={{
                    overflowY: 'auto',
                    maxHeight: '10rem',
                    marginBottom: '1rem',
                    padding: '0.5rem'
                  }}
                >
                  {fpo}
                </div>
              }
            >
              <div
                style={{
                  backgroundColor: 'white',
                  padding: '1rem'
                }}
              >
                <Heading level="h3">{placement}</Heading>
              </div>
            </Position>
          )}
        </ApplyTextDirection>
        <Button variant="primary" onClick={this.handleButtonClick}>
          Change placement
        </Button>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

render(<Example />)
```
