packages/ui-editable/README.md, before:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-editable

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]

A UI component library made by Instructure Inc.

### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-editable
```

### Usage

It's best to look at source examples in the [Editable component docs.](#Editable)

### Components
The `ui-editable` packages contains the following:
- [Editable](#Editable)
- [InPlaceEdit](#InPlaceEdit)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-editable.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-editable

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Commit message:

fix(*): Update Package READMEs and align deprecation statements
refs: INSTUI-2351

TEST PLAN:
- test every package under the "Package" link in the main nav
- test every component under the "Components/Deprecated" link
  in the main nav

  NOTE: This commit is to align both the package README structure as
  well as ensure the component README pages display the deprecation
  notices in the same manner and the console warnings are consistent.
  Any v8.0.0 references should be highlighted with the 'Figure' layout.
  SIDE NOTE: Also tried to align the written expression of Instructure UI

Change-Id: I764c1204f6d60024eb8b8410ee200b00585f40e1
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/c/instructure-ui/+/220471
Tested-by: Service Cloud Jenkins <svc.cloudjenkins@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Pam Hiett <phiett@instructure.com>

packages/ui-editable/README.md, after:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-editable

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]&nbsp;
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]&nbsp;
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]&nbsp;
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]

Supports in-place editing of content.

### Components
The `ui-editable` packages contains the following:
- [Editable](#Editable)
- [InPlaceEdit](#InPlaceEdit)

### Installation
```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-editable
```

### Usage
For detailed usage and documentation, see [Editable](#Editable).



[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-editable.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-editable

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
