packages/ui-elements/src/components/Link/README.md, before:

---
describes: Link
---

A Link component

```js
---
example: true
---
<Link href="https://instructure.github.io/instructure-ui/">I am a link</Link>
```

```js
---
example: true
---
<Link>I am a button that looks like a link because I have no href prop</Link>
```

```js
---
example: true
background: 'checkerboard-inverse'
---
<Link variant="inverse">I am an inverse link for use with dark backgrounds</Link>
```

### Adding margin

Use the `margin` prop to add space to the left or right of the Link. Because
Link displays `inline`, top and bottom margin will not work. If you need
to add margin to the top or bottom of Link, wrap it inside a `<View />`.

```js
---
example: true
---
<Link href="https://instructure.github.io/instructure-ui/" margin="0 0 0 large">I am a link with left margin</Link>
```

### Using icons

Use the `icon` property to put an [icon](#iconography) inside a Link. To position the
icon _after_ the link text, change the `iconPlacement` property to `end`. You can also
render a Link with just an icon. Don't forget to add text for screen readers, though.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <p>
    <Link href="https://instructure.design" icon={IconUser.Solid}>Icon before text</Link>
  </p>
  <p>
    <Link
      href="https://instructure.design"
      icon={IconUser.Solid}
      iconPlacement="end"
    >
      Icon after text
    </Link>
  </p>
  <p>
    Link consisting of only an icon&nbsp;
    <Link
      href="https://instructure.design"
      icon={IconUser.Solid}
    >
      <ScreenReaderContent>Descriptive text</ScreenReaderContent>
    </Link>.
  </p>
</div>
```

### Guidelines

```js
---
guidelines: true
---
<Guidelines>
  <Figure recommendation="a11y" title="Accessibility">
    <FigureItem>Use the <code>inverse</code> variant when a Link appear on a dark background to ensure adequate contrast</FigureItem>
    <FigureItem>Links must have a non-empty href attribute in order to be considered true links and to be accessible to keyboard users</FigureItem>
  </Figure>
</Guidelines>
```

Commit message:

fix(ui-elements): fix focus outline for ellipsis Links
fixes: INSTUI-1649, INSTUI-1639, INSTUI-1456

Added Focusable to Link so that we can attach the focus
ring to the root container and still have it show when
the link has hidden overflow for ellipsis.

Test plan:
- Verify that BreadcrumbLinks now have visible focus
  outlines in all supported browsers.

- Verify that the bug in INSTUI-1639 is fixed as follows:
  https://www.screencast.com/t/S4kqE54DjQE
  Note that button text cannot flow with inline text like link
  or span text does - the button element will always cause a
  line break. However, the text alignment is now fixed.

- Verify that the following Link now shows a console warning
  about lacking an href or onClick():
  <Link>Hi there</Link>

- Verify no regressions in Breadcrumb and Link.

Change-Id: Ide5d8db809cb87db9706797fcb86882a0a0133f2
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/173672
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Chris Hart <chart@instructure.com>

packages/ui-elements/src/components/Link/README.md, after:

---
describes: Link
---

A Link component

```js
---
example: true
---
<Link href="https://instructure.github.io/instructure-ui/">I am a link</Link>
```

```js
---
example: true
---
<Link>I am a button that looks like a link because I have no href prop</Link>
```

```js
---
example: true
background: 'checkerboard-inverse'
---
<Link variant="inverse">I am an inverse link for use with dark backgrounds</Link>
```

### Adding margin

Use the `margin` prop to add space to the left or right of the Link. Because
Link displays `inline`, top and bottom margin will not work. If you need
to add margin to the top or bottom of Link, wrap it inside a `<View />`.

```js
---
example: true
---
<Link href="https://instructure.github.io/instructure-ui/" margin="0 0 0 large">I am a link with left margin</Link>
```

### Ellipsis

Add the `ellipsis` property to make Link display on a single line and truncate text
that overflows its container with `...`

```js
---
example: true
---
<View as="div" width="250px">
  <Link ellipsis href="#Link">
    I am a link with ellipsis to truncate long text strings like this one
  </Link>
</View>
```

### Using icons

Use the `icon` property to put an [icon](#iconography) inside a Link. To position the
icon _after_ the link text, change the `iconPlacement` property to `end`. You can also
render a Link with just an icon. Don't forget to add text for screen readers, though.

```js
---
example: true
---
<div>
  <p>
    <Link href="https://instructure.design" icon={IconUser.Solid}>Icon before text</Link>
  </p>
  <p>
    <Link
      href="https://instructure.design"
      icon={IconUser.Solid}
      iconPlacement="end"
    >
      Icon after text
    </Link>
  </p>
  <p>
    Link consisting of only an icon&nbsp;
    <Link
      href="https://instructure.design"
      icon={IconUser.Solid}
    >
      <ScreenReaderContent>Descriptive text</ScreenReaderContent>
    </Link>.
  </p>
</div>
```

### Guidelines

```js
---
guidelines: true
---
<Guidelines>
  <Figure recommendation="a11y" title="Accessibility">
    <FigureItem>Use the <code>inverse</code> variant when a Link appear on a dark background to ensure adequate contrast</FigureItem>
    <FigureItem>Links must have a non-empty href attribute in order to be considered true links and to be accessible to keyboard users</FigureItem>
  </Figure>
</Guidelines>
```
