packages/ui-responsive/src/Responsive/README.md, before:

---
describes: Responsive
---

The `Responsive` component allows for rendering a component differently based on either
the element or the viewport size.

### Passing props at breakpoints
Breakpoints are defined by the `query` prop. Different props can be
specified for each breakpoint using the `props` prop. These props are passed to the
underlying component via the `Responsive` `render` or `children` props as functions.

The following example using `Progress` renders as a circle when the element is under 30rem.

```js
---
example: true
---
<Responsive
  query={{ small: { maxWidth: '30rem' }, large: { minWidth: '30rem' }}}
  props={{
    small: { variant: 'circle', size: 'medium' },
    large: { variant: 'bar', size: 'large' }
  }}
  render={(props, matches) => {
    return (
      <div>
        <Progress
          {...props}
          valueNow={80}
          valueMax={124}
          label="Percent complete"
          formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
            return (
              <span>
                <Text size="x-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
                <br />
                <Text size="small">of </Text>
                <Text size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
              </span>
            )
          }}
        />
      </div>
    )
  }}
/>
```

### Rendering conditionally based on breakpoint matches
The `render` and `children` props also receive an array of names corresponding to the
currently matching queries. These can be used to determine what should be rendered at a
given breakpoint.

```js
---
example: true
---
<Responsive
  match="media"
  query={{
    small: { maxWidth: 600 },
    medium: { minWidth: 600 },
    large: { minWidth: 800}
  }}
>
  {(props, matches) => {
    if (matches.includes('large')) {
      return (
        <Billboard
          message="Large breakpoint"
          hero={<IconUserLine />}
        />
      )
    } else if (matches.includes('medium') && !matches.includes('large')) {
      return (
        <Media description="Medium breakpoint">
          <Avatar name="Alexander Hamilton" />
        </Media>
      )
    } else {
      return (
        <Pill variant="primary" text="Small breakpoint" />
      )
    }
  }}
</Responsive>
```

Commit message:

perf(ui-responsive): responsive performance enhancements
refs: INSTUI-2436, INSTUI-2437, INSTUI-2282

This change makes some performance enhancements to
Responsive. It also removes the deprecated lifecycle
methods that were in use.

TEST PLAN:
- no regressions to responsive
- unit tests should pass

Change-Id: Ifd52176d9d515146b62c0e44e38e31a56e3d5e50
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/c/instructure-ui/+/222127
Tested-by: Service Cloud Jenkins <svc.cloudjenkins@instructure.com>
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Ken Meleta <kmeleta@instructure.com>

packages/ui-responsive/src/Responsive/README.md, after:

---
describes: Responsive
---

The `Responsive` component allows for rendering a component differently based on either
the element or the viewport size.

> __A note on performance__: Try to limit children to only content or components that need explicit updates at different breakpoints. Content that can scale on its own does not need to be rendered via Responsive. Similarly, don't overuse Responsive. Using many Responsive instances on a single page can also negatively affect rendering performance.

### Passing props at breakpoints
Breakpoints are defined by the `query` prop. Different props can be
specified for each breakpoint using the `props` prop. These props are passed to the
underlying component via the `Responsive` `render` or `children` props as functions.

The following example using `Progress` renders as a circle when the element is under 30rem.

```js
---
example: true
---
<Responsive
  query={{ small: { maxWidth: '30rem' }, large: { minWidth: '30rem' }}}
  props={{
    small: { variant: 'circle', size: 'medium' },
    large: { variant: 'bar', size: 'large' }
  }}
  render={(props, matches) => {
    return (
      <div>
        <Progress
          {...props}
          valueNow={80}
          valueMax={124}
          label="Percent complete"
          formatDisplayedValue={function (valueNow, valueMax) {
            return (
              <span>
                <Text size="x-large" weight="bold">{valueNow}</Text>
                <br />
                <Text size="small">of </Text>
                <Text size="small">{valueMax}</Text>
              </span>
            )
          }}
        />
      </div>
    )
  }}
/>
```

### Rendering conditionally based on breakpoint matches
The `render` and `children` props also receive an array of names corresponding to the
currently matching queries. These can be used to determine what should be rendered at a
given breakpoint.

```js
---
example: true
---
<Responsive
  match="media"
  query={{
    small: { maxWidth: 600 },
    medium: { minWidth: 600 },
    large: { minWidth: 800}
  }}
>
  {(props, matches) => {
    if (matches.includes('large')) {
      return (
        <Billboard
          message="Large breakpoint"
          hero={<IconUserLine />}
        />
      )
    } else if (matches.includes('medium') && !matches.includes('large')) {
      return (
        <Media description="Medium breakpoint">
          <Avatar name="Alexander Hamilton" />
        </Media>
      )
    } else {
      return (
        <Pill variant="primary" text="Small breakpoint" />
      )
    }
  }}
</Responsive>
```
