docs/05-component-guidelines.md, before:

### General Requirements

- be high contrast aware (use color variables, meet [4.5:1](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/G18.html) and [3:1](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/G183.html)).
- be keyboard friendly (proper use of tabIndex, logical tab order, ESC to close modals, etc).
- be screenreader friendly (label all inputs, use native controls, use screenreader-only text).
- have good test coverage.

### CSS Conventions

The build system uses the webpack css loader and [css modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) to generate
Suit/BEM style class names, where the "block" portion includes the component name and a configured prefix, so that
in the .css source for components we only have to worry about "element" and "modifier" class names (using BEM terminology).

#### Element Class Names

Element classes should be camel case (e.g. `inputLabel`).

#### Modifier Class Names

Modifiers should also be camel case, with a couple exceptions:

- If part of the classname is dynamically generated in the JS from a component prop, use a double dash before the generated part of the class name. e.g. `positioned--left` where "left" is a string value passed as a prop `positioned`.
- For modifiers generated via a boolean prop, use an `is-`, `has-` or `with-` prefix. e.g. `is-open`, `with-padding`
with component props `isOpen` and `withPadding`.

#### Element and Wildcard Selectors

As a general rule, element (e.g. `p { ... }`) and wildcard (`*`) selectors should be avoided. Exceptions could be made for
components that would never render children.

#### CSS variables and adding component themes

All CSS variables should be defined in a `theme.js` file in the component directory. The theme is applied to the component via the `@themeable` decorator, which transforms the JS variables in the `theme.js` file into CSS custom properties that are automatically scoped and applied to the component.

JS variables in the `theme.js` file can be nested, and should generally be named using the name of the component state and/or child element and then the camel-cased css property name.

For example, to add a variable for the `hover` state of a `Button` component the theme.js file would contain the following:

```
export default function ({ colors }) {
  return (
    background: colors.lightest,
    color: colors.darkest,

    hover: {
      color: colors.lightest,
      background: colors.darkest
    }
  )
}
```

The `@themeable` decorator will generate the CSS custom properties `--Button-background`, `--Button-color`, `--Button-hover-color`, `--Button-hover-background`. Use these generated custom property names in the `styles.css` file for the `Button` component.

Commit message:

Refactor themes and optimize style injection
refs INSTUI-245, INSTUI-121

This commit refactors the themeable + related code to prepare to publish
it as a separate module. It also optimizes the themeable component style
injection to inject the styles into a single style tag in the document.

The themeable component library is made up of the following parts:

1. A postcss plugin to transform CSS variables into es6 template literal
syntax
2. A babel plugin that transforms CSS imports into a JS import (a JS
template function) plus the css module tokens.
3. A webpack loader that will transform CSS imports using the same process
as the above babel plugin.
4. A theme registry that can return the theme for a single component or
all registered components.
5. Global themes that register themselves when they are imported.
6. A @themeable decorator that handles registering a component theme and
handles defining theme props/ctx, injecting themeable CSS into the document,
applying themes via context or props.

Test plan:
- regression test for all components examples, paying particular attention
to IE and Safari
- Modern and Canvas themes should both have an 'a11y1' mode and color
contrast should adjust accordingly.
- The global theme variables should update when 'a11y' is toggled.
- The component level theme variables shoudl udpate when 'a11y' is toggled.
- Verify RadioInput and Checkbox component examples (the code for hover,
  focused and checked states had to change to get ApplyTheme to work for
IE)

Change-Id: Ie0d913421ed615b2cd859278e886b2122f2d19c2
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/97745
Tested-by: Jenkins
QA-Review: Dan Sasaki
Reviewed-by: Stephen Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>

docs/05-component-guidelines.md, after:

### General Requirements

- be high contrast aware (use color variables, meet [4.5:1](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/G18.html) and [3:1](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/G183.html)).
- be keyboard friendly (proper use of tabIndex, logical tab order, ESC to close modals, etc).
- be screenreader friendly (label all inputs, use native controls, use screenreader-only text).
- have good test coverage.

### CSS Conventions

The build system uses the webpack css loader and [css modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) to generate
Suit/BEM style class names, where the "block" portion includes the component name and a configured prefix, so that
in the .css source for components we only have to worry about "element" and "modifier" class names (using BEM terminology).

#### Element Class Names

Element classes should be camel case (e.g. `inputLabel`).

#### Modifier Class Names

Modifiers should also be camel case, with a couple exceptions:

- If part of the classname is dynamically generated in the JS from a component prop, use a double dash before the generated part of the class name. e.g. `positioned--left` where "left" is a string value passed as a prop `positioned`.
- For modifiers generated via a boolean prop, use an `is-`, `has-` or `with-` prefix. e.g. `is-open`, `with-padding`
with component props `isOpen` and `withPadding`.

#### Element and Wildcard Selectors

As a general rule, element (e.g. `p { ... }`) and wildcard (`*`) selectors should be avoided. Exceptions could be made for
components that would never render children.

#### CSS variables and adding component themes

All CSS variables should be defined in a `theme.js` file in the component directory. The theme is applied to the component via the `@themeable` decorator, which transforms the JS variables in the `theme.js` file into CSS custom properties that are automatically scoped and applied to the component.

JS variables in the `theme.js` file can be nested, and should generally be named using the name of the component state and/or child element and then the camel-cased css property name.

For example, to add a variable for the `hover` state of a `Button` component the theme.js file would contain the following:

```
export default function ({ colors }) {
  return (
    background: colors.lightest,
    color: colors.darkest,

    hoverColor: colors.lightest,
    hoverBackground: colors.darkest
  )
}
```

The `@themeable` decorator will generate the CSS custom properties `--Button-background`, `--Button-color`, `--Button-hoverColor`, `--Button-hoverBackground`, but you can use these variables in `styles.css` like `var(--background)`
and `var(--hoverColor)`.

Since the variables are defined in JS you can also access them in your component JS by using `this.theme` which will give
you the theme values applied via React context with `ApplyTheme` or the `theme` prop (falling back to the defaults).
