packages/ui-table/src/Table/README.md, before:

---
describes: Table
---

### Table layout

In stacked layout, column header is rendered in each cell, but not in row header.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class Example extends React.Component {
  state = {
    layout: 'auto',
    hover: false,
  }

  handleChange = (field, value) => {
    this.setState({
      [field]: value,
    })
  }

  renderOptions () {
    const { layout, hover } = this.state

    return (
      <Flex alignItems="start">
        <Flex.Item margin="small">
          <RadioInputGroup
            name="layout"
            description="layout"
            value={layout}
            onChange={(e, value) => this.handleChange('layout', value)}
          >
            <RadioInput label="auto" value="auto" />
            <RadioInput label="fixed" value="fixed" />
            <RadioInput label="stacked" value="stacked" />
          </RadioInputGroup>
        </Flex.Item>
        <Flex.Item margin="small">
          <Checkbox
            label="hover"
            checked={hover}
            onChange={(e, value) => this.handleChange('hover', !hover)}
          />
        </Flex.Item>
      </Flex>
    )
  }

  render() {
    const { layout, hover } = this.state

    return (
      <div>
        {this.renderOptions()}
        <Table
          caption='Top rated movies'
          layout={layout}
          hover={hover}
        >
          <Table.Head>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Rank">Rank</Table.ColHeader>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Title">Title</Table.ColHeader>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Year">Year</Table.ColHeader>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Rating">Rating</Table.ColHeader>
            </Table.Row>
          </Table.Head>
          <Table.Body>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.RowHeader>1</Table.RowHeader>
              <Table.Cell>The Shawshank Redemption</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>1994</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>9.3</Table.Cell>
            </Table.Row>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.RowHeader>2</Table.RowHeader>
              <Table.Cell>The Godfather</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>1972</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>9.2</Table.Cell>
            </Table.Row>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.RowHeader>3</Table.RowHeader>
              <Table.Cell>The Godfather: Part II</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>1974</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>9.0</Table.Cell>
            </Table.Row>
          </Table.Body>
        </Table>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

render(<Example />)
```

### Column width and alignment

Each column (`ColHeader`) can have a custom width, and each cell (`ColHeader`, `RowHeader` or `Cell`)
can be aligned differently.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class Example extends React.Component {
  render() {
    const { headers, rows } = this.props

    return (
      <Responsive
        query={{
          small: { maxWidth: '40rem' },
          large: { minWidth: '41rem' },
        }}
        props={{
          small: { layout: 'stacked' },
          large: { layout: 'fixed' },
        }}
      >
        {({ layout }) => (
          <div>
            <Table
              caption='Top rated movies'
              layout={layout}
            >
              <Table.Head>
                <Table.Row>
                  {(headers || []).map(({ id, text, width, textAlign }) => (
                    <Table.ColHeader
                      key={id}
                      id={id}
                      width={width}
                      textAlign={textAlign}
                    >
                      {text}
                    </Table.ColHeader>
                   ))}
                </Table.Row>
              </Table.Head>
              <Table.Body>
                {rows.map((row) => (
                  <Table.Row key={row.id}>
                    {headers.map(({ id, renderCell, textAlign }) => (
                      <Table.Cell
                        key={id}
                        textAlign={layout === 'stacked' ? 'start' : textAlign}
                      >
                        {renderCell ? renderCell(row[id], layout) : row[id]}
                      </Table.Cell>
                    ))}
                  </Table.Row>
                ))}
              </Table.Body>
            </Table>
          </div>
        )}
      </Responsive>
    )
  }
}

const renderSummary = (summary, layout) => (layout === 'stacked')
  ? summary
  : (
    <TruncateText
      truncate="word"
      ellipsis="..."
    >
      {summary}
    </TruncateText>
  )

render(
  <Example
    headers={[
      {
        id: 'Title',
        text: 'Title',
        width: '25%',
        textAlign: 'start',
      },
      {
        id: 'Year',
        text: 'Year',
        width: '15%',
        textAlign: 'start',
      },
      {
        id: 'Summary',
        text: 'Summary',
        width: '40%',
        renderCell: renderSummary,
        textAlign: 'start',
      },
      {
        id: 'BoxOffice',
        text: 'Box Office',
        width: '20%',
        textAlign: 'end',
      },
    ]}
    rows={[
      {
        id: '1',
        Title: 'The Shawshank Redemption',
        Year: 1994,
        Summary: 'Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.',
        BoxOffice: '$28,341,469',
      },
      {
        id: '2',
        Title: 'The Godfather',
        Year: 1972,
        Summary: 'The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.',
        BoxOffice: '$133,698,921',
      },
      {
        id: '3',
        Title: 'The Godfather: Part II',
        Year: 1974,
        Summary: 'The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.',
        BoxOffice: '$47,542,841',
      },
    ]}
  />
)
```

> If you are using [TruncateText](#TruncateText) (or CSS ellipsis) in your Table, you need to set
> the layout to `fixed`, or the text truncation will not work.

### A sortable table

Resize the window to see how column headers turn into a combobox on narrow screen.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class SortableTable extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)
    const { headers } = props

    this.state = {
      sortBy: headers && headers[0] && headers[0].id,
      ascending: true,
    }
  }

  handleSort = (event, { id }) => {
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state

    if (id === sortBy) {
      this.setState({
        ascending: !ascending,
      })
    } else {
      this.setState({
        sortBy: id,
        ascending: true,
      })
    }
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows } = this.props
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state
    const direction = ascending ? 'ascending' : 'descending'
    const sortedRows = [...(rows || [])].sort((a, b) => {
      if (a[sortBy] < b[sortBy]) {
        return -1
      }
      if (a[sortBy] > b[sortBy]) {
        return 1
      }
      return 0
    })

    if (!ascending) {
      sortedRows.reverse()
    }
    return (
      <Responsive
        query={{
          small: { maxWidth: '40rem' },
          large: { minWidth: '41rem' },
        }}
        props={{
          small: { layout: 'stacked' },
          large: { layout: 'auto' },
        }}
      >
        {(props) => (
          <div>
            <Table
              caption={`${caption}: sorted by ${sortBy} in ${direction} order`}
              {...props}
            >
              <Table.Head>
                <Table.Row>
                  {(headers || []).map(({ id, text }) => (
                    <Table.ColHeader
                      key={id}
                      id={id}
                      onRequestSort={this.handleSort}
                      sortDirection={id === sortBy ? direction : 'none'}
                    >
                      {text}
                    </Table.ColHeader>
                   ))}
                </Table.Row>
              </Table.Head>
              <Table.Body>
                {sortedRows.map((row) => (
                  <Table.Row key={row.id}>
                    {headers.map(({ id, renderCell }) => (
                      <Table.Cell key={id}>
                        {renderCell ? renderCell(row[id]) : row[id]}
                      </Table.Cell>
                    ))}
                  </Table.Row>
                ))}
              </Table.Body>
            </Table>
            <Alert
              liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
              liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
              screenReaderOnly
            >
              {`Sorted by ${sortBy} in ${direction} order`}
            </Alert>
          </div>
        )}
      </Responsive>
    )
  }
}

render(
  <SortableTable
    caption="Top rated movies"
    headers={[
      {
        id: 'Rank',
        text: 'Rank',
      },
      {
        id: 'Title',
        text: 'Title',
      },
      {
        id: 'Year',
        text: 'Year',
      },
      {
        id: 'Rating',
        text: 'Rating',
        renderCell: (rating) => rating.toFixed(1),
      },
    ]}
    rows={[
      {
        id: '1',
        Rank: 1,
        Title: 'The Shawshank Redemption',
        Year: 1994,
        Rating: 9.3,
      },
      {
        id: '2',
        Rank: 2,
        Title: 'The Godfather',
        Year: 1972,
        Rating: 9.2,
      },
      {
        id: '3',
        Rank: 3,
        Title: 'The Godfather: Part II',
        Year: 1974,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '4',
        Rank: 4,
        Title: 'The Dark Knight',
        Year: 2008,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '5',
        Rank: 5,
        Title: '12 Angry Men',
        Year: 1957,
        Rating: 8.9,
      },
    ]}
  />
)
```

### A sortable table with selection and pagination

The composition order is important. `SelectableTable` -> `PaginatedTable` -> `SortableTable`, so
that selection does not re-paginate or re-sort the table, and pagination does not re-sort the table.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class SelectableTable extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props)
    this.state = {
      selected: new Set()
    }
  }

  handleSelectAll = (allSelected) => {
    const { rowIds } = this.props

    this.setState({
      selected: allSelected ? new Set() : new Set(rowIds),
    })
  }

  handleSelectRow = (rowSelected, rowId) => {
    const { selected } = this.state
    const copy = new Set(selected)
    if (rowSelected) {
      copy.delete(rowId)
    } else {
      copy.add(rowId)
    }

    this.setState({
      selected: copy,
    })
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows, onSort, sortBy, ascending, rowIds } = this.props
    const { selected } = this.state
    const allSelected = selected.size > 0 && rowIds.every((id) => selected.has(id))
    const someSelected = selected.size > 0 && !allSelected
    const direction = ascending ? 'ascending' : 'descending'

    return (
      <Responsive
        query={{
          small: { maxWidth: '40rem' },
          large: { minWidth: '41rem' },
        }}
        props={{
          small: { layout: 'stacked' },
          large: { layout: 'auto' },
        }}
      >
        {(props) => (
          <div>
            <View
              as="div"
              padding="small"
              background="inverse"
            >
              {`${selected.size} of ${rowIds.length} selected`}
            </View>
            <Table
              caption={`${caption}: sorted by ${sortBy} in ${direction} order`}
              {...props}
            >
              <Table.Head>
                <Table.Row>
                  <Table.ColHeader id="select">
                    <Checkbox
                      label={<ScreenReaderContent>Select all</ScreenReaderContent>}
                      onChange={() => this.handleSelectAll(allSelected)}
                      checked={allSelected}
                      indeterminate={someSelected}
                    />
                  </Table.ColHeader>
                  {(headers || []).map(({ id, text, width }) => (
                     <Table.ColHeader
                       key={id}
                       id={id}
                       width={width}
                       onRequestSort={onSort}
                       sortDirection={id === sortBy ? direction : 'none'}
                     >
                       {text}
                     </Table.ColHeader>
                   ))}
                </Table.Row>
              </Table.Head>
              <Table.Body>
                {(rows || []).map((row) => {
                  const rowSelected = selected.has(row.id)

                  return (
                    <Table.Row key={row.id}>
                      <Table.RowHeader>
                        <Checkbox
                          label={<ScreenReaderContent>Select row</ScreenReaderContent>}
                          onChange={() => this.handleSelectRow(rowSelected, row.id)}
                          checked={rowSelected}
                        />
                      </Table.RowHeader>
                      {(headers || []).map(({ id, renderCell }) => (
                        <Table.Cell key={id}>
                          {renderCell ? renderCell(row[id]) : row[id]}
                        </Table.Cell>
                      ))}
                    </Table.Row>
                  )
                })}
              </Table.Body>
            </Table>
            <Alert
              liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
              liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
              screenReaderOnly
            >
              {`${selected.size} of ${rowIds.length} selected`}
            </Alert>
          </div>
        )}
      </Responsive>
    )
  }
}

class PaginatedTable extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props)
    this.state = {
      page: 0,
    }
  }

  handleClick = (page) => {
    this.setState({
      page,
    })
  }

  handleSort = (event, options) => {
    const { onSort } = this.props

    this.setState({
      page: 0,
    })
    onSort(event, options)
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows, sortBy, ascending, perPage } = this.props
    const { page } = this.state
    const startIndex = page * perPage
    const slicedRows = rows.slice(startIndex, startIndex + perPage)
    const pageCount = perPage && Math.ceil(rows.length / perPage)

    return (
      <div>
        <SelectableTable
          caption={caption}
          headers={headers}
          rows={slicedRows}
          onSort={this.handleSort}
          sortBy={sortBy}
          ascending={ascending}
          rowIds={rows.map((row) => row.id)}
        />
        {pageCount > 1 && (
          <Pagination
            variant='compact'
            labelNext='Next Page'
            labelPrev='Previous Page'
            margin='large'
          >
            {Array.from(Array(pageCount), (item, index) => (
              <Pagination.Page
                key={index}
                onClick={() => this.handleClick(index)}
                current={index === page}
              >
                {index + 1}
              </Pagination.Page>
            ))}
          </Pagination>
        )}
        <Alert
          liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
          liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
          screenReaderOnly
        >
          {`Table page ${page + 1} of ${pageCount}`}
        </Alert>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

class SortableTable extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)
    const { headers } = props

    this.state = {
      sortBy: headers && headers[0] && headers[0].id,
      ascending: true,
    }
  }

  handleSort = (event, { id }) => {
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state

    if (id === sortBy) {
      this.setState({
        ascending: !ascending,
      })
    } else {
      this.setState({
        sortBy: id,
        ascending: true,
      })
    }
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows, perPage } = this.props
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state
    const sortedRows = [...rows].sort((a, b) => {
      if (a[sortBy] < b[sortBy]) {
        return -1
      }
      if (a[sortBy] > b[sortBy]) {
        return 1
      }
      return 0
    })

    if (!ascending) {
      sortedRows.reverse()
    }
    return (
      <div>
        <PaginatedTable
          caption={caption}
          headers={headers}
          rows={sortedRows}
          onSort={this.handleSort}
          sortBy={sortBy}
          ascending={ascending}
          perPage={perPage}
        />
        <Alert
          liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
          liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
          screenReaderOnly
        >
          {`Sorted by ${sortBy} in ${ascending ? 'ascending' : 'descending'} order`}
        </Alert>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

const renderRating = (rating) => (
  <Rating
    label='Rating'
    valueNow={rating}
    valueMax={10}
    iconCount={5}
  />
)

render(
  <SortableTable
    caption="Top rated movies"
    headers={[
      {
        id: 'Rank',
        text: 'Rank',
      },
      {
        id: 'Title',
        text: 'Title',
        width: '40%',
      },
      {
        id: 'Year',
        text: 'Year',
      },
      {
        id: 'Rating',
        text: 'Rating',
        renderCell: renderRating,
      },
    ]}
    rows={[
      {
        id: '1',
        Rank: 1,
        Title: 'The Shawshank Redemption',
        Year: 1994,
        Rating: 9.3,
      },
      {
        id: '2',
        Rank: 2,
        Title: 'The Godfather',
        Year: 1972,
        Rating: 9.2,
      },
      {
        id: '3',
        Rank: 3,
        Title: 'The Godfather: Part II',
        Year: 1974,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '4',
        Rank: 4,
        Title: 'The Dark Knight',
        Year: 2008,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '5',
        Rank: 5,
        Title: '12 Angry Men',
        Year: 1957,
        Rating: 8.9,
      },
    ]}
    perPage={3}
  />
)
```

### Guidelines

```js
---
guidelines: true
---
<Guidelines>
  <Figure recommendation="yes" title="Do">
    <Figure.Item>Column headers can be sortable</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use the <code>small</code> Buttons and Inputs inside cells</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Actions must relate to that row only</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use horizontal and vertical alignment that makes sense with the content</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Left align US dates and apply i18n</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Left align text and alphanumeric</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Right align quantities, decimals</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Left align column headers, including currency</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
  <Figure recommendation="no" title="Don't">
    <Figure.Item>Center align more than 4 characters/numbers, choose left or right</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use to create a layout</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use zebra stripes</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Bottom align ever</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
</Guidelines>
```

Commit message:

feat(ui-elements): Added `wrap` prop to Text
refs: INSTUI-2155

TEST PLAN:
- Verify the new example for `Wrap` in the Text
  docs in all supported browsers

- When a long string in a `layout="fixed/stacked"`
  Table cell is wrapped in
  <Text wrap="break-word">[long string]</Text>,
  Text should succeed in forcing the string to
  break in all supported browsers. Note there may
  be a slight visual difference in IE11:

  EDGE: https://www.screencast.com/t/woKDniDrOt
  IE11: https://www.screencast.com/t/XwIh5ijeAl

Change-Id: Iec30ca7fca96047c71ac634f6a6930fb834927ab
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/196848
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>

packages/ui-table/src/Table/README.md, after:

---
describes: Table
---

### Table layout

In stacked layout, column header is rendered in each cell, but not in row header.

> If you are using [TruncateText](#TruncateText) (or CSS ellipsis) in your Table, set the
> layout to `fixed` or `stacked`, or the text truncation will not work. To force long strings to break and not
> exceed the bounds of the table cell, use `fixed` or `stacked`, together with the [Text](#Text) component:
> `<Text wrap="break-word">[long string]</Text>`.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class Example extends React.Component {
  state = {
    layout: 'auto',
    hover: false,
  }

  handleChange = (field, value) => {
    this.setState({
      [field]: value,
    })
  }

  renderOptions () {
    const { layout, hover } = this.state

    return (
      <Flex alignItems="start">
        <Flex.Item margin="small">
          <RadioInputGroup
            name="layout"
            description="layout"
            value={layout}
            onChange={(e, value) => this.handleChange('layout', value)}
          >
            <RadioInput label="auto" value="auto" />
            <RadioInput label="fixed" value="fixed" />
            <RadioInput label="stacked" value="stacked" />
          </RadioInputGroup>
        </Flex.Item>
        <Flex.Item margin="small">
          <Checkbox
            label="hover"
            checked={hover}
            onChange={(e, value) => this.handleChange('hover', !hover)}
          />
        </Flex.Item>
      </Flex>
    )
  }

  render() {
    const { layout, hover } = this.state

    return (
      <div>
        {this.renderOptions()}
        <Table
          caption='Top rated movies'
          layout={layout}
          hover={hover}
        >
          <Table.Head>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Rank">Rank</Table.ColHeader>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Title">Title</Table.ColHeader>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Year">Year</Table.ColHeader>
              <Table.ColHeader id="Rating">Rating</Table.ColHeader>
            </Table.Row>
          </Table.Head>
          <Table.Body>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.RowHeader>1</Table.RowHeader>
              <Table.Cell>The Shawshank Redemption</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>1994</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>9.3</Table.Cell>
            </Table.Row>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.RowHeader>2</Table.RowHeader>
              <Table.Cell>The Godfather</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>1972</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>9.2</Table.Cell>
            </Table.Row>
            <Table.Row>
              <Table.RowHeader>3</Table.RowHeader>
              <Table.Cell>The Godfather: Part II</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>1974</Table.Cell>
              <Table.Cell>9.0</Table.Cell>
            </Table.Row>
          </Table.Body>
        </Table>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

render(<Example />)
```

### Column width and alignment

Each column (`ColHeader`) can have a custom width, and each cell (`ColHeader`, `RowHeader` or `Cell`)
can be aligned differently.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class Example extends React.Component {
  render() {
    const { headers, rows } = this.props

    return (
      <Responsive
        query={{
          small: { maxWidth: '40rem' },
          large: { minWidth: '41rem' },
        }}
        props={{
          small: { layout: 'stacked' },
          large: { layout: 'fixed' },
        }}
      >
        {({ layout }) => (
          <div>
            <Table
              caption='Top rated movies'
              layout={layout}
            >
              <Table.Head>
                <Table.Row>
                  {(headers || []).map(({ id, text, width, textAlign }) => (
                    <Table.ColHeader
                      key={id}
                      id={id}
                      width={width}
                      textAlign={textAlign}
                    >
                      {text}
                    </Table.ColHeader>
                   ))}
                </Table.Row>
              </Table.Head>
              <Table.Body>
                {rows.map((row) => (
                  <Table.Row key={row.id}>
                    {headers.map(({ id, renderCell, textAlign }) => (
                      <Table.Cell
                        key={id}
                        textAlign={layout === 'stacked' ? 'start' : textAlign}
                      >
                        {renderCell ? renderCell(row[id], layout) : row[id]}
                      </Table.Cell>
                    ))}
                  </Table.Row>
                ))}
              </Table.Body>
            </Table>
          </div>
        )}
      </Responsive>
    )
  }
}

const renderSummary = (summary, layout) => (layout === 'stacked')
  ? summary
  : (
    <TruncateText
      truncate="word"
      ellipsis="..."
    >
      {summary}
    </TruncateText>
  )

render(
  <Example
    headers={[
      {
        id: 'Title',
        text: 'Title',
        width: '25%',
        textAlign: 'start',
      },
      {
        id: 'Year',
        text: 'Year',
        width: '15%',
        textAlign: 'start',
      },
      {
        id: 'Summary',
        text: 'Summary',
        width: '40%',
        renderCell: renderSummary,
        textAlign: 'start',
      },
      {
        id: 'BoxOffice',
        text: 'Box Office',
        width: '20%',
        textAlign: 'end',
      },
    ]}
    rows={[
      {
        id: '1',
        Title: 'The Shawshank Redemption',
        Year: 1994,
        Summary: 'Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.',
        BoxOffice: '$28,341,469',
      },
      {
        id: '2',
        Title: 'The Godfather',
        Year: 1972,
        Summary: 'The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.',
        BoxOffice: '$133,698,921',
      },
      {
        id: '3',
        Title: 'The Godfather: Part II',
        Year: 1974,
        Summary: 'The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.',
        BoxOffice: '$47,542,841',
      },
    ]}
  />
)
```

> If you are using [TruncateText](#TruncateText) (or CSS ellipsis) in your Table, you need to set
> the layout to `fixed`, or the text truncation will not work.

### A sortable table

Resize the window to see how column headers turn into a combobox on narrow screen.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class SortableTable extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)
    const { headers } = props

    this.state = {
      sortBy: headers && headers[0] && headers[0].id,
      ascending: true,
    }
  }

  handleSort = (event, { id }) => {
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state

    if (id === sortBy) {
      this.setState({
        ascending: !ascending,
      })
    } else {
      this.setState({
        sortBy: id,
        ascending: true,
      })
    }
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows } = this.props
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state
    const direction = ascending ? 'ascending' : 'descending'
    const sortedRows = [...(rows || [])].sort((a, b) => {
      if (a[sortBy] < b[sortBy]) {
        return -1
      }
      if (a[sortBy] > b[sortBy]) {
        return 1
      }
      return 0
    })

    if (!ascending) {
      sortedRows.reverse()
    }
    return (
      <Responsive
        query={{
          small: { maxWidth: '40rem' },
          large: { minWidth: '41rem' },
        }}
        props={{
          small: { layout: 'stacked' },
          large: { layout: 'auto' },
        }}
      >
        {(props) => (
          <div>
            <Table
              caption={`${caption}: sorted by ${sortBy} in ${direction} order`}
              {...props}
            >
              <Table.Head>
                <Table.Row>
                  {(headers || []).map(({ id, text }) => (
                    <Table.ColHeader
                      key={id}
                      id={id}
                      onRequestSort={this.handleSort}
                      sortDirection={id === sortBy ? direction : 'none'}
                    >
                      {text}
                    </Table.ColHeader>
                   ))}
                </Table.Row>
              </Table.Head>
              <Table.Body>
                {sortedRows.map((row) => (
                  <Table.Row key={row.id}>
                    {headers.map(({ id, renderCell }) => (
                      <Table.Cell key={id}>
                        {renderCell ? renderCell(row[id]) : row[id]}
                      </Table.Cell>
                    ))}
                  </Table.Row>
                ))}
              </Table.Body>
            </Table>
            <Alert
              liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
              liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
              screenReaderOnly
            >
              {`Sorted by ${sortBy} in ${direction} order`}
            </Alert>
          </div>
        )}
      </Responsive>
    )
  }
}

render(
  <SortableTable
    caption="Top rated movies"
    headers={[
      {
        id: 'Rank',
        text: 'Rank',
      },
      {
        id: 'Title',
        text: 'Title',
      },
      {
        id: 'Year',
        text: 'Year',
      },
      {
        id: 'Rating',
        text: 'Rating',
        renderCell: (rating) => rating.toFixed(1),
      },
    ]}
    rows={[
      {
        id: '1',
        Rank: 1,
        Title: 'The Shawshank Redemption',
        Year: 1994,
        Rating: 9.3,
      },
      {
        id: '2',
        Rank: 2,
        Title: 'The Godfather',
        Year: 1972,
        Rating: 9.2,
      },
      {
        id: '3',
        Rank: 3,
        Title: 'The Godfather: Part II',
        Year: 1974,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '4',
        Rank: 4,
        Title: 'The Dark Knight',
        Year: 2008,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '5',
        Rank: 5,
        Title: '12 Angry Men',
        Year: 1957,
        Rating: 8.9,
      },
    ]}
  />
)
```

### A sortable table with selection and pagination

The composition order is important. `SelectableTable` -> `PaginatedTable` -> `SortableTable`, so
that selection does not re-paginate or re-sort the table, and pagination does not re-sort the table.

```javascript
---
example: true
render: false
---
class SelectableTable extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props)
    this.state = {
      selected: new Set()
    }
  }

  handleSelectAll = (allSelected) => {
    const { rowIds } = this.props

    this.setState({
      selected: allSelected ? new Set() : new Set(rowIds),
    })
  }

  handleSelectRow = (rowSelected, rowId) => {
    const { selected } = this.state
    const copy = new Set(selected)
    if (rowSelected) {
      copy.delete(rowId)
    } else {
      copy.add(rowId)
    }

    this.setState({
      selected: copy,
    })
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows, onSort, sortBy, ascending, rowIds } = this.props
    const { selected } = this.state
    const allSelected = selected.size > 0 && rowIds.every((id) => selected.has(id))
    const someSelected = selected.size > 0 && !allSelected
    const direction = ascending ? 'ascending' : 'descending'

    return (
      <Responsive
        query={{
          small: { maxWidth: '40rem' },
          large: { minWidth: '41rem' },
        }}
        props={{
          small: { layout: 'stacked' },
          large: { layout: 'auto' },
        }}
      >
        {(props) => (
          <div>
            <View
              as="div"
              padding="small"
              background="inverse"
            >
              {`${selected.size} of ${rowIds.length} selected`}
            </View>
            <Table
              caption={`${caption}: sorted by ${sortBy} in ${direction} order`}
              {...props}
            >
              <Table.Head>
                <Table.Row>
                  <Table.ColHeader id="select">
                    <Checkbox
                      label={<ScreenReaderContent>Select all</ScreenReaderContent>}
                      onChange={() => this.handleSelectAll(allSelected)}
                      checked={allSelected}
                      indeterminate={someSelected}
                    />
                  </Table.ColHeader>
                  {(headers || []).map(({ id, text, width }) => (
                     <Table.ColHeader
                       key={id}
                       id={id}
                       width={width}
                       onRequestSort={onSort}
                       sortDirection={id === sortBy ? direction : 'none'}
                     >
                       {text}
                     </Table.ColHeader>
                   ))}
                </Table.Row>
              </Table.Head>
              <Table.Body>
                {(rows || []).map((row) => {
                  const rowSelected = selected.has(row.id)

                  return (
                    <Table.Row key={row.id}>
                      <Table.RowHeader>
                        <Checkbox
                          label={<ScreenReaderContent>Select row</ScreenReaderContent>}
                          onChange={() => this.handleSelectRow(rowSelected, row.id)}
                          checked={rowSelected}
                        />
                      </Table.RowHeader>
                      {(headers || []).map(({ id, renderCell }) => (
                        <Table.Cell key={id}>
                          {renderCell ? renderCell(row[id]) : row[id]}
                        </Table.Cell>
                      ))}
                    </Table.Row>
                  )
                })}
              </Table.Body>
            </Table>
            <Alert
              liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
              liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
              screenReaderOnly
            >
              {`${selected.size} of ${rowIds.length} selected`}
            </Alert>
          </div>
        )}
      </Responsive>
    )
  }
}

class PaginatedTable extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props)
    this.state = {
      page: 0,
    }
  }

  handleClick = (page) => {
    this.setState({
      page,
    })
  }

  handleSort = (event, options) => {
    const { onSort } = this.props

    this.setState({
      page: 0,
    })
    onSort(event, options)
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows, sortBy, ascending, perPage } = this.props
    const { page } = this.state
    const startIndex = page * perPage
    const slicedRows = rows.slice(startIndex, startIndex + perPage)
    const pageCount = perPage && Math.ceil(rows.length / perPage)

    return (
      <div>
        <SelectableTable
          caption={caption}
          headers={headers}
          rows={slicedRows}
          onSort={this.handleSort}
          sortBy={sortBy}
          ascending={ascending}
          rowIds={rows.map((row) => row.id)}
        />
        {pageCount > 1 && (
          <Pagination
            variant='compact'
            labelNext='Next Page'
            labelPrev='Previous Page'
            margin='large'
          >
            {Array.from(Array(pageCount), (item, index) => (
              <Pagination.Page
                key={index}
                onClick={() => this.handleClick(index)}
                current={index === page}
              >
                {index + 1}
              </Pagination.Page>
            ))}
          </Pagination>
        )}
        <Alert
          liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
          liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
          screenReaderOnly
        >
          {`Table page ${page + 1} of ${pageCount}`}
        </Alert>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

class SortableTable extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)
    const { headers } = props

    this.state = {
      sortBy: headers && headers[0] && headers[0].id,
      ascending: true,
    }
  }

  handleSort = (event, { id }) => {
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state

    if (id === sortBy) {
      this.setState({
        ascending: !ascending,
      })
    } else {
      this.setState({
        sortBy: id,
        ascending: true,
      })
    }
  }

  render() {
    const { caption, headers, rows, perPage } = this.props
    const { sortBy, ascending } = this.state
    const sortedRows = [...rows].sort((a, b) => {
      if (a[sortBy] < b[sortBy]) {
        return -1
      }
      if (a[sortBy] > b[sortBy]) {
        return 1
      }
      return 0
    })

    if (!ascending) {
      sortedRows.reverse()
    }
    return (
      <div>
        <PaginatedTable
          caption={caption}
          headers={headers}
          rows={sortedRows}
          onSort={this.handleSort}
          sortBy={sortBy}
          ascending={ascending}
          perPage={perPage}
        />
        <Alert
          liveRegion={() => document.getElementById('flash-messages')}
          liveRegionPoliteness="polite"
          screenReaderOnly
        >
          {`Sorted by ${sortBy} in ${ascending ? 'ascending' : 'descending'} order`}
        </Alert>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

const renderRating = (rating) => (
  <Rating
    label='Rating'
    valueNow={rating}
    valueMax={10}
    iconCount={5}
  />
)

render(
  <SortableTable
    caption="Top rated movies"
    headers={[
      {
        id: 'Rank',
        text: 'Rank',
      },
      {
        id: 'Title',
        text: 'Title',
        width: '40%',
      },
      {
        id: 'Year',
        text: 'Year',
      },
      {
        id: 'Rating',
        text: 'Rating',
        renderCell: renderRating,
      },
    ]}
    rows={[
      {
        id: '1',
        Rank: 1,
        Title: 'The Shawshank Redemption',
        Year: 1994,
        Rating: 9.3,
      },
      {
        id: '2',
        Rank: 2,
        Title: 'The Godfather',
        Year: 1972,
        Rating: 9.2,
      },
      {
        id: '3',
        Rank: 3,
        Title: 'The Godfather: Part II',
        Year: 1974,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '4',
        Rank: 4,
        Title: 'The Dark Knight',
        Year: 2008,
        Rating: 9.0,
      },
      {
        id: '5',
        Rank: 5,
        Title: '12 Angry Men',
        Year: 1957,
        Rating: 8.9,
      },
    ]}
    perPage={3}
  />
)
```

### Guidelines

```js
---
guidelines: true
---
<Guidelines>
  <Figure recommendation="yes" title="Do">
    <Figure.Item>Column headers can be sortable</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use the <code>small</code> Buttons and Inputs inside cells</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Actions must relate to that row only</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use horizontal and vertical alignment that makes sense with the content</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Left align US dates and apply i18n</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Left align text and alphanumeric</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Right align quantities, decimals</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Left align column headers, including currency</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
  <Figure recommendation="no" title="Don't">
    <Figure.Item>Center align more than 4 characters/numbers, choose left or right</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use to create a layout</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Use zebra stripes</Figure.Item>
    <Figure.Item>Bottom align ever</Figure.Item>
  </Figure>
</Guidelines>
```
