packages/ui-forms/README.md, before:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-forms

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]


### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-forms
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react'
import { TextInput } from '@instructure/ui-forms'

const MyTextInput = () => {
  return (
    <TextInput label="Name" placeholder="Doe, John Doe" />
  )
}
```

### Components
The `ui-forms` package contains the following components:
- [Checkbox](#Checkbox)
- [CheckboxGroup](#CheckboxGroup)
- [DateInput (deprecated)](#DeprecatedDateInput)
- [DateTimeInput](#DateTimeInput)
- [FileDrop](#FileDrop)
- [RadioInput](#RadioInput)
- [RadioInputGroup](#RadioInputGroup)
- [RangeInput](#RangeInput)
- [Select](#Select)
- [TextArea](#TextArea)
- [TextInput (deprecated)](#DeprecatedTextInput)
- [TimeInput](#TimeInput)

### Contribute

See the [contributing guidelines](#contributing) for details.

### License

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-forms.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-forms

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Commit message:

fix(instui-config,ui-forms): deprecate DateInput from ui-forms
refs: INSTUI-1766

TEST PLAN:

- verify deprecated notice on DateInput documentation
- verify warning in console when using deprecated DateInput

Change-Id: I3896d1e4e6a2cef84cc6e8721860380ce17cb9f2
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/192450
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Steve Jensen <sejensen@instructure.com>
Visual-Regression-Test: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>
QA-Review: Daniel Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>

packages/ui-forms/README.md, after:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-forms

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]


### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-forms
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react'
import { TextInput } from '@instructure/ui-forms'

const MyTextInput = () => {
  return (
    <TextInput label="Name" placeholder="Doe, John Doe" />
  )
}
```

### Components
The `ui-forms` package contains the following components:
- [Checkbox](#Checkbox)
- [CheckboxGroup](#CheckboxGroup)
- [DateInput (deprecated)](#DeprecatedDateInput)
- [DateTimeInput](#DateTimeInput)
- [FileDrop](#FileDrop)
- [RadioInput](#RadioInput)
- [RadioInputGroup](#RadioInputGroup)
- [RangeInput](#RangeInput)
- [Select](#Select)
- [TextArea](#TextArea)
- [TextInput (deprecated)](#DeprecatedTextInput)
- [TimeInput](#TimeInput)

### Deprecated components
The following components have been deprecated and will be removed from the `ui-forms` package:
- [DateInput](#DeprecatedDateInput) \(use [DateInput from `ui-date-input`](#DateInput) instead)
- [TextInput](#DeprecatedTextInput) \(use [TextInput from `ui-text-input`](#TextInput) instead)

Codemods are provided to assist in updating the packages. See [ui-codemods](#ui-codemods)

### Contribute

See the [contributing guidelines](#contributing) for details.

### License

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-forms.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-forms

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
