packages/ui-menu/README.md, before:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-menu

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]


### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-menu
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react'
import Menu, { MenuItem } from '@instructure/ui-menu/lib/components/Menu'

export default MyMenu = function () {
  return (
    <Menu>
      <MenuItem value="foo">Foo</MenuItem>
      <MenuItem value="bar">Bar</MenuItem>
    </Menu>
  )
}
```

See more detailed documentation and usage for [Menu](#Menu)

### Contribute

See the [contributing guidelines](#contributing) for details.

### License

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-menu.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-menu

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Commit message:

feat(ui-overlays): Add a ui-overlays package
Fixes INSTUI-922

Test plan:
The following components should appear in the nav and behave as before
- Mask
- Modal
- Popover
- PopoverMenu
- Tooltip
- Tray

Change-Id: Idda86eb42622a8ec6cc74d4870720f83044be305
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.instructure.com/138775
Reviewed-by: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>
Product-Review: Jennifer Stern <jstern@instructure.com>
Tested-by: Jenkins
QA-Review: Dan Sasaki <dsasaki@instructure.com>

packages/ui-menu/README.md, after:

---
category: packages
---

## ui-menu

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![build-status][build-status]][build-status-url]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][LICENSE]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]


### Installation

```sh
yarn add @instructure/ui-menu
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react'
import Menu, { MenuItem } from '@instructure/ui-menu/lib/components/Menu'

export default MyMenu = function () {
  return (
    <Menu>
      <MenuItem value="foo">Foo</MenuItem>
      <MenuItem value="bar">Bar</MenuItem>
    </Menu>
  )
}
```

### Components
The `ui-menu` package contains the following:
- [Menu](#Menu)
- [PopoverMenu](#PopoverMenu)

### Contribute

See the [contributing guidelines](#contributing) for details.

### License

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@instructure/ui-menu.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/@instructure/ui-menu

[build-status]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui.svg?branch=master
[build-status-url]: https://travis-ci.org/instructure/instructure-ui "Travis CI"

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/instructure-ui.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/LICENSE

[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/instructure/instructure-ui/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
